### Synopsis
We found that the top 10 most common canopy species were as follows: Maple, Hackberry, Walnut, Tulippoplar, Sycamore, Cherry, Beech, Box Elder, Ash and Sugarmaple. However when looking at the correlations between the top 10 trees and average canopy covarge, there were no strong correlations found between the two.

When looking closer at the correlation matrix you will see that sycamore trees and elder box trees have a moderate correlation. Elder box trees canopies tend to be more vertical while sycamore's tends to be more horizontal. These canopy shapes tend to compliment each other meaning that they would be able to more efficiently fill in the canopy space. If there was an effort to plant trees to make up for canopy space then these two trees might be a good combination.

Similar results were found when looking at the undergrowth as well. When looking at the invasive species however, We found that having a tree downed and Ampelopsis Brevipedunculata, commonly known as the porcelain vine, have moderate negative correlations with average canopy coverage. Considering the english ivy and the wintercreeper too, the invasive species that tend to be together could potientally be easier to treat. Another possibility is that the treatment for the invasive speices that tend to be found together could be different meaning only one is being treated. From this EDA we think that the type of invasive species present will have the most signifigant factor in canopy coverage. We do not think that undergrowth will play a signifigant factor and the type of tree in the canopy will also not have a signifigant effect.
